https://codepen.io/cmelchor/full/bGpygZo
  
  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  this allows the the content to be grouped together correctly.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    allows someone to create text and section it

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    provide additional information, in the opening tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    for the main heading of a page, once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a tags, img tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata, title 

    7. What is an id? 
    a way to select something with the same html tag as another, a unique way to identify

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    almost any except meta, style, title, script, head

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    a way to select multiple elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all except head, base, meta, param, script, style, title

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    adding a target="_blank" attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    for accessibility purposes

    15. How do I reference an id?
    by using #idnamehere

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means that the content is grouped, div is more so a container

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    you would write the selector followed by curly braces.  h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is broad, multiple elements. id is unique, one element. class may be used for all headers, id may be used for one image.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by using a period before the selector. for example, .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    #human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    this selects all the elements that are the direct child of that element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that selects elements in a specific state, such as hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: _px;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:_px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:upercase;
    text-transform:lowercase;
    text-transform:capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: dotted 1px black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
   *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd command, stands for print working directory

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    type ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rmdir <filename>, because it deletes without a confirmation

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    because multiple people may be working on things together and this allows people to collaborate and contribute.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    everytime you change something, to save it

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin christina-melchor (or other name)

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, Clone, create a branch "firstname-lastname", create code, save code, git add, git commit, git push to github, create pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    an inline element stays in the same line as other code, such as span. a block element will kick other code off

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    you can put any element exactly where you want it, it doesn't stay with the flow of the rest of the page

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    position:absolute, can also use a width property...? this is a guess

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: div, section, p
    inline: span, image

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    All html elements are in boxes, there is content, padding, border, margins. Using a width property will give elements a width to respect.